Jessica it's you she watch YouTube
you got 20,000 subscribers right wait
wait wait wait I've gotta get a picture
I'm like your biggest subscriber ever
can I can I get the camera
yeah wait hold on alright I'm setting up
get open you bitch great this is like
the biggest moment of your life yes got
a picture wow that's amazing so glad I
found you on here oh so happy and I like
your biggest subscriber ever really
my heart's just beating like 10 to the
Dozen at the minute I figure now I'm
just so glad I found her oh my god
can't believe I met you can't believe
you're actually having a conversation oh
my god
thank you so much
stay awesome oh it's Deadpool I've seen
you on you too mate oh my god you got
like 1 million subscribers is that you
you got 1 million subscribe
every news you got you got 1 million
subscribers yes oh my god can I get a
picture smile dude
cheers man oh my god yeah I'm so glad I
met you freaking out Oh Oh feeling so
well so guy I got to meet you oh my god
I'm like your biggest fan like one of my
ultra fans I know man I'm such a big fan
I know yeah I just came on here just
like you know just to try and find
PewDiePie and then I found you man oh my
god do you want to see so else no okay
[Applause]
oh my god is you again mr. epic nose go
on side down go on up oh yeah sexy oh
don't do it do we actually go on LLL
make a fucking awesome YouTube video
yeah man I hope you all right Oh Jonah
oh yeah go on man
go on then they could come oh four
hikers died here for hikers died here
last month
oh hey don't worry a source of protein a
way as Gaza Rumsey for where's the love
sauce up in here yeah right someone's
fucking with me here this is definitely
you
depends are you looking for yeah why
it's just Lila Josh not very obvious I'm
gonna fucking tell ya look we got bigger
was that you know it was just - hey
that's it and this poor Isabel 'end and
foxtail soon she's the best damn you
wanna do you again
Hey
Oh Snape that horse got sweat
yeah